List of scenes to be implemented:

SCENE 1

Location: Quantum.
Characters: Hendrik is in panic.

Dialogue:

	Hendrik: The project deadline is drawing near, go check on group 11. Go my minion.
-Why don’t you look yourself?
	Huh? I have far more important things to do. Kern-Orga stuff you know[eating noises]
-Go check on group 11.
	H: You remember they are in the glass room 2, don’t you?

Event: Force use the map

SCENE 2

Location: Group work room (G2).

Characters:

Objects: Bluescreen laptop, passwordlaptop, unity laptop, empty beer crate

Interactions:

bluescreen laptop: dialogue:
You see a laptop with a bluescreen(bsod). Well R.I.P.

With passwordlaptop:
Input password event.
--
wrong entry: dialogue:
Wrong password: Wrong password – stop guessing you will never get it. HAHAHAHA

Correct entry: dialogue:
Correct - You are either me or a genius(ME)
--

unity laptop: dialogue:
You see a Laptop with a weird Unity game on it. The Log is full of Errors.

empty beer crate: dialogue:
...Don't drink and code

Upon leaving: dialogue:
Looks like they are not here.You should report back to master Hendrik. 


SCENE 3

Location: Quantum.

Characters: Hendrik.

Objects: Fridge, (Optional) Oven.

Dialogue:
Hendrik: What do you mean they are missing?! They need to be around here somewhere. I saw them put something into one of the lockers today, so they can’t be far. Find them or you are fired.

Hendrik turns around and starts furiously discussing with another participant.

-- replace the hendrik instance with a hendrik talking with another colleague.

Fridge: There are items inside:
-Take fish
-Take pizza
-Take something else
-Go away

Hendrik & colleague:
default dialogue:
Hendrik is furiously discussing with another participant. You rather not get involved with the master too much.
alt dialogue (gandalf quest started):
They are in a furious discussion. Without some serious distraction you won’t get Hendrik to let you talk with the guy in [whatever].

Optional interaction with the oven, if you have the pizza:
dialogue:
you bake the pizza – and ate it. NOM NOM NOM[Eating sounds] – It was delicious, but shouldn’t you be working? You felt the cold glare of Hendrik.

SCENE 4

Location: Quantum2

Characters: Gollum

Objects: Xbox

Interactions:
Xbox (sub interactions):
-Play: dialogue:
You spend some time playing on the XBOX, but shouldn’t you get back to work?
-Take controllers: (dialogue)
		You took the 2 controllers. (Just “borrowing” them) //add to inventory

Gollum:
default dialogue:
Sorry too many people want achievements, WHY couldn’t they have done that before my shift started. AHHHHHHH!

Response, only possible after starting the toilet quest):
Ask about Toilet paper.

His response:
Sorry too many people want achievements. WAIT! You want my preciousssss.
Well, well, well, I might give you some of it, but only if you solve one of my riddlessssss.
-> start riddle event
--
correct answer for riddle: dialogue:
What you solved it. IMPOSSSIBLE! Fine… take… it.
[play zelda music]
you got toilet paper. //add to inventory
And now leave and never come back!
--

dialogue after completion of the toilet quest:
You don’t really want to talk to that weirdo.

SCENE 5 //optional

Location: Lecture hall 1

Characters: a stressed group of students

Objects: Thermos Bottle

Interactions:

Thermos bottle: dialogue:
Coffee, basically the life essence of any game developer.
sub interaction:
Take: dialogue:
Oi! hands of my coffee!

Stressed group: dialogue:
When approaching you overhear them talking about some nasty git problems. 
Group Member A: What have you done?!
Group Member B: No wait I can fix that merge conflict.
Group Member A: You can’t even commit correctly how can you fix this?!
Group Member C: *Sniff* My lifework *Sniff* 

//optional: chilled artist character, has nothing to do.

SCENE 6 //optional

Location: Glas1

Characters: Sleep depraved participant

Interactions:

Sleep depraved participant: dialogue:
In front of you lies a totally sleep-deprived participant who writes their code in a sort of trance. And they are mumbling something.
Sleepy person:  Hendrrigg + FRISCH = ZLAP / Hendrik + Fish = SLAP

//optional: another participant, has just awakend nad is positive. he didn't do much.

SCENE 7:

Location: Lecture Hall 2

Characters: Group

Interactions:

Group: Dialogue:
Member 1: OMG this game is amazing
Member 2: I am gonna getcha. 
Member 3: DIEDIEDIEIDIEDIE.
Member 4: Come on guys I want to play too.

response: dialogue between player and member4:
-Why are you not playing with them?
	M4: Because we are short one controller
-Your teammate is looking for you.
	M4: What the deadline? Well I first want to try out this game.

optional response (requires controller)
-give controller. dialogue:
You give him the controller and he starts playing with the others. After a round he leaves satisfied.

SCENE 8 //optional

Location: Upstairs room

Characters: 3 participants

Interactions:

The 3 participants: dialogue:
P1: Overeager Programmer – feature creep – dude du weißt schon das in einer Std abgabe ist....
P2: Ja also nur noch ein paar Bugfixes und wir sind fertig
P3: Ich bin nur hier für die Switch/Essen

SCENE 9

Location: Room before key

Characters: Gandalf.

Interactions:

Gandalf: dialogue:
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!
-What is wrong with you?
I am waiting for my other 2 team members and won’t leave the spot until they are here.
If you want to pass, you need the find them.
-How do I recognize them?
Just like me they are wearing the crown of Kings(paper hat). Now go forth and find them.

SCENE 10:

Location: Key room

Objects: Note with a key

Interactions:

Note with a key: dialogue:
You find a note with a locker key.

sub interaction:
Take the key

response: dialogue:
You got the Locker Key

SCENE 11:

Location: Toilet

Objects: Stall (is actually a character though)

Interactions:

Stall: dialogue:
Anonymus: Hey! This stall is occupied! But would you mind bringing me some toilet paper.
-where can I find the toilet paper?
How I am supposed to know? Ask those incompetent orga-people(leaving stalls without toilet paper HMPF)

Possible sub interaction, needs to have toilet paper:
Give toilet paper.

response: dialogeu:
You give him the toilet paper. He leaves the stall with a relieved face.

SCENE 12:

Location: Locker room.

Objects: Lockers

Interactions:

Lockers:
You see a bunch of lockers, they are all lockerd.

possible sub interaction, requires key item: dialogue:
Which locker do you want to open?

start locker opening event

SCENE 13

Location: Quantum

